Remove docs, tasks and inference API from huggingface_hub (#833)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: README.md

# `huggingface_hub`

## Welcome to the huggingface_hub library

> The `huggingface_hub` is a client library to interact with the Hugging Face Hub. The Hugging Face Hub is a platform with over 30K models, 3K datasets, and 2K demos in which people can easily collaborate in their ML workflows. The Hub works as a central place where anyone can share, explore, discover, and experiment with open-source Machine Learning.

Reviewer: If we want to nitpick :smile: 
```suggestion
The `huggingface_hub` is a client library to interact with the Hugging Face Hub. The Hugging Face Hub is a platform with over 35K models, 4K datasets, and 2K demos in which people can easily collaborate in their ML workflows. The Hub works as a central place where anyone can share, explore, discover, and experiment with open-source Machine Learning.
```
